So one thing that I regret when I was growing up is that, although I was
a really good student when I was in elementary school, when I was
in middle school, and even high school, then things started to kind
of fall off and kind of whither away. I didn't have a strong relationship
with my family so I kinda just did my own thing, I was very independent
and unfortunately I wasn't really good at doing homework
and stuff. So yeah, I got the first F in my life when I was a senior,
first D's you know as a junior, and you know I mean, if I would have
just kept being an awesome student throughout high school, then who
is to say that my life wouldn''t have gone in a completely different
direction. Maybe I could have wound up at an Ivy League school or
something. Who knows? But because I didn't listen to my mom and dad
tell me to do my homework and you know eat my vegetables, then I had,
I was almost forced to join the military. I'm glad that I did join
the military, it gave me an option to you know make something of
myself, but I think I would have had a lot more opportunities if I would
have listened to my parents.